Exim 4 before 4.94.2 allows Out-of-bounds Write because the main function, while setuid root, copies the current working directory pathname into a buffer that is too small (on some common platforms). , 120
mod_radius in ProFTPD before 1.3.7c allows memory disclosure to RADIUS servers because it copies blocks of 16 characters. , 57
Exim 4 before 4.92 allows Integer Overflow to Buffer Overflow, in which an unauthenticated remote attacker can execute arbitrary code by leveraging the mishandling of continuation lines during header-length restriction. , 57
Exim 4 before 4.94.2 allows Exposure of File Descriptor to Unintended Control Sphere because rda_interpret uses a privileged pipe that lacks a close-on-exec flag. , 35
An issue was discovered in tls_verify_crl in ProFTPD before 1.3.6. A wrong iteration variable, used when checking a client certificate against CRL entries (installed by a system administrator), can cause some CRL entries to be ignored, and can allow clients whose certificates have been revoked to proceed with a connection to the server. , 35
An issue was discovered in tls_verify_crl in ProFTPD through 1.3.6b. A dereference of a NULL pointer may occur. This pointer is returned by the OpenSSL sk_X509_REVOKED_value() function when encountering an empty CRL installed by a system administrator. The dereference occurs when validating the certificate of a client connecting to the server in a TLS client/server mutual-authentication setup. , 35
The mod_tls module in ProFTPD before 1.3.5b and 1.3.6 before 1.3.6rc2 does not properly handle the TLSDHParamFile directive, which might cause a weaker than intended Diffie-Hellman (DH) key to be used and consequently allow attackers to have unspecified impact via unknown vectors. , 35
Signal handler race condition in OpenSSH before 4.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash), and possibly execute arbitrary code if GSSAPI authentication is enabled, via unspecified vectors that lead to a double-free. , 35
A flaw was found in Exim versions 4.87 to 4.91 (inclusive). Improper validation of recipient address in deliver_message() function in /src/deliver.c may lead to remote command execution. , 35
The pr_data_xfer function in ProFTPD before 1.3.2rc3 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via an ABOR command during a data transfer. , 34
Exim 4 before 4.94.2 allows Execution with Unnecessary Privileges. The -oP option is available to the exim user, and allows a denial of service because root-owned files can be overwritten. , 34
Exim 4.85 through 4.92 (fixed in 4.92.1) allows remote code execution as root in some unusual configurations that use the ${sort } expansion for items that can be controlled by an attacker (e.g., $local_part or $domain). , 34
Heap-based buffer overflow in the sql_prepare_where function (contrib/mod_sql.c) in ProFTPD before 1.3.3d, when mod_sql is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted username containing substitution tags, which are not properly handled during construction of an SQL query. , 33
Unspecified vulnerability in the sshd Privilege Separation Monitor in OpenSSH before 4.5 causes weaker verification that authentication has been successful, which might allow attackers to bypass authentication. NOTE: as of 20061108, it is believed that this issue is only exploitable by leveraging vulnerabilities in the unprivileged process, which are not known to exist. , 33
Unspecified vulnerability in portable OpenSSH before 4.4, when running on some platforms, allows remote attackers to determine the validity of usernames via unknown vectors involving a GSSAPI "authentication abort." , 32
